docs: add note about persisting peer ids in the keychain (#2332)
libp2p/js-libp2p: doc/migrations/v0.46-v1.0.0.md

})
```

> ## Keeping the same PeerId after a restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Keeping the same PeerId after a restart
```

I would suggest moving this section directly below the `###Keychain` section as a subsection of `##Misc`

Author: My opinion is not terribly strong but `Misc` is under `Extracted modules` so I think it might mess up the hierarchy a little.

The keychain module was extracted, but I feel this is important enough to have it's own section?

Reviewer: If the keychain module is now an extracted module and this relates to the keychain doesn't that suggest it should be associated with the Keychain subsection `Misc` section?

Author: It felt a bit buried down there.

> The libp2p PeerId is a public/private keypair. libp2p uses the keychain to encrypt it at rest when the node is not running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the libp2p `PeerId` is a public/private keypair, it is encrypted by libp2p's `Keychain` whenever the node is not running.
```

Reviewer: I can appreciate the familiarity with the terminology but at the same time I think " node not running" implies at rest which is why I wanted to remove the redundancy. 

```suggestion
Given the libp2p `PeerId` is a public/private keypair, it is encrypted at rest by libp2p's `Keychain`
```

> As of `libp2p@1.0.0` the keychain is no longer part of the default bundle so to replicate this behaviour you need to use a temporary keychain instance to load the peer id from the datastore before starting your node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of `libp2p@1.0.0` the keychain is no longer part of the default bundle so to replicate this behaviour you need to use the`Keychain` module to load a peer id from the datastore before starting your node.
```
